Hi,
I forgot to send one quick email.
Okay,
let me not miss uh a meeting. I'm going
to leave the uh I'm going to leave my
email up this time so I don't freaking
miss that again. Uh hi folks.
Switch over to the stream view.
Okay.
Oops. Not this one.
What are we going to do today?
I think we're just going to do a little
bit of work on the drone sim.
Oops.
I think that I fixed the stability
issues on this laptop. So, I think that
we should be good. I don't know about
the internet, but I think that we
shouldn't have random crashing. So,
that's at least one horrible, ridiculous
issue solved.
So, I have literally so many bloody
messages I can't keep up with them.
What is this? No. Get out. Go away.
Yeah, I have literally so many bloody
messages. I can't keep up with them all.
Um,
so this is what I'm going to do because
we have a ton of new people
in the Puffer Discord. It said 42 unread
messages. Holy
It's not going to be able to do this.
Like what?
I'm fine.
I think what we'll do is we'll just put
welcome to all the new folks.
There been a ton of messages
missing.
Oops.
Right now on X, YouTube, Twitch,
you
questions.
So now uh people will hopefully come
over to here
and uh yeah, we will see
Perfect. And I got my meeting set up so
I don't have to be worrying about that.
So, what we're going to do today for the
next
what's that? Two and a half hours.
We're going to do some work on the drone
sim. We're hopefully going to actually
get the drone sim cleaned up nicely.
I'll answer questions from whoever wants
to come by here.
And uh yeah, we'll see how far I get
and we'll hope that everything is
stable.
So many random tech issues lately.
Where did we leave this thing off? I
believe I believe I had this training
remotely,
right? I had this like roughly training
remotely
on this term.
Cool. So, this is all I actually did
ship everything.
I believe that the question was how do
we get the thing to race, right?
We had it working. Yes, now I remember.
We had this warming stuff all working
nicely, but not the racing stuff.
Yes.
Can I set the like the number of agents
different here?
See
if I just set this to 1024M
with one drone
What are you working on? I'm new here.
Today I'm working on a uh drone
simulator
that lets drones well drones learn how
to form different like formations and
they also are trying to learn how to
race.
Welcome to the stream.
Okay. Interestingly,
it seems like uh somehow this breaks.
Let me figure out why that is.
Good morning.
Good afternoon really. So we actually do
have a nice debugging technique for
this. It's a little obnoxious to uh to
make this work
which is yet another reason that the
Python to Cstack just it's kind of a
pain but
oops not that one. My bad.
uh debug equals 1.
Okay, so we're going to recompile all of
the extensions with debugging on and
then we're going to try to get an actual
stack trace.
And then we're going to see if like
what's wrong with the uh racing because
we have we have swarming working, we
have racing working, they don't work
together in the same sim.
So once we have them both working in the
same sim, then we can do them both in
the same training run and we'll have
drones that can literally do whatever we
tell them to do.
Who submitted bad code?
Case label does not reduce to an integer
constant.
Hey, Joseph, I'm new here. Can you share
Twitch and YouTube links? Also, are
lives recorded so I can watch previous
ones? Yes. So, the live streams are
recorded. They get archived to YouTube
automatically. Uh Twitch does not let me
record unlimited VODs. So, the they go
to YouTube. Uh, it is the same handle on
Twitch, Juarez 5341, and on YouTube it
is currently at Neural MMO. I might
change that in the future. We shall see.
I have to figure out. Apparently, I
merged some bad code with checkers. I
got to fix that.
Holy 2.7K on puffer. That's awesome.
That's super good. Look at Look at the
growth on the library.
This is awesome to see.
Okay. Yeah. This is why you don't tab
stuff even like basic things because if
you just tab things it will be you will
be stupid.
I literally don't even know how it did
that.
All right.
Where can we find this code which you're
working on in the data set puffer.ai
it's all open source.
So if you check here
you can see all of our environments.
They literally run in your browser. Heck
the neural nets even run in your
browser.
And the environments are the data sets
if you want to think of it that way. Uh
the data comes from simulation. You run
the simulation to collect data. The
simulation is so fast that it would
literally be slower to read the data
from your disk than it would be to
generate it through the simulation.
So you just run the simulation to
collect however much data you want.
Okay, so now this runs.
Uh, we need the LD preload, don't we?
So, this is the slightly annoying part.
You need to preload this
Okay, this totally messes up
Okay.
So, this gives me
this gives me the uh the stack trace
in 401.
ring buffer.
You calling it here? Them agents and Mac
rings. Yeah.
So what happened then?
Oh, why is there a plus one here?
That's like dumb, isn't it?
Oh, no, it isn't.
So this should be I
wait.
Wait. If
Yeah, this is just wrong.
Okay. Well, we found a bug, so that's
nice.
I think this was a bug in the original
that was just somehow not getting
caught.
Welcome YouTube folks.
Goal is in the next couple of hours to
get the uh the drones to race in this
environment and we should be able to get
like multi- aent racing to work as well.
We're going to disable the collision
checks on it for now just because it'll
be a little weird, but once we make the
map bigger, we'll have collision checks
and everything.
Okay. So according to this we still site
full
185.
nearest.
Okay. So, nearest here. I see this is
going to be
Okay. So now it can no longer attempt to
uh access a null drone.
Is that running?
Yeah, that runs perfect. So now we just
uh we compile this
without the debug setting and now we
should be able to train.
The idea here was that I wanted to have
a single agent training setting just to
match the uh the original racing
environment first.
This will be make it a lot easier to
figure out why it's not training and
then from here we will be able to much
more easily get the multi- aent side
working. I'm quite confident that once
we get these tasks working individually,
it's just going to be a matter of
scaling up a little bit and uh you know
a few small configuration tweaks
probably some of which will involve an
automated hyperparameter sweep and if we
do that we should be set.
Welcome John.
I don't have my chat up where I can see
it super easily. There we go. That's
better.
I will be uh traveling tomorrow. I'll be
going out to California.
Be meeting up with lots of people there
over the next little bit.
Hello.
Welcome.
Oh, is it actually training now?
Yeah, that looks like it's training to
me. Huh. Cool.
Uh, if it's just that easy, I'm not
going to complain.
Oh, did I train the wrong end? I did.
Okay, that was dumb.
Well, you could see there. There it
actually was training the racing ends
just fine.
We'll see how this does.
I mean, it's at least learning to not
out of bounds.
We'll see what the actual policy does.
Hey, Major. Welcome.
I'm trying to remember what the result
that we had was before. I think that on
this sim I had it to not out of bounds,
but it still wasn't solving the uh the
racing task. I mean, that'll be way
easier to fix though now we have a
baseline. Pretty much once I have a
baseline, it's generally usually um
quite easy to go from there. It's like
getting the thing to do something
remotely sane is the hard part and then
getting it to do something very good is
Huh.
Did this thing reconnect?
Are we good?
Yeah, we're good.
Okay. Well, I figured out the